Set coequalizers (#1439)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/foundation/set-coequalizers.lagda.md

    ( inv (ap h p)) ∙
    ( H z) ∙
    ( ap h q)

  reflecting-descent-coequalizer-Set :
    htpy-descent-coequalizer-Set →
    reflects-equivalence-relation
      ( equivalence-relation-coequalizer-Set A B f g)
      ( h)
  reflecting-descent-coequalizer-Set H =
    reflects-path-Relation-Prop (relation-coequalizer-Set A B f g) C
      ( h)
      ( generator-reflecting-descent-coequalizer-Set H)

  descent-reflecting-coequalizer-Set :
    reflects-equivalence-relation
      ( equivalence-relation-coequalizer-Set A B f g) h →
    htpy-descent-coequalizer-Set
  descent-reflecting-coequalizer-Set r x =
    r
      ( unit-trunc-Prop
        ( 1 , (f x) , map-raise refl , inl (pair x (pair refl refl))))

  is-retraction-reflecting-descent-coequalizer-Set :
    descent-reflecting-coequalizer-Set ∘ reflecting-descent-coequalizer-Set ~
    id
  is-retraction-reflecting-descent-coequalizer-Set H =
    eq-is-prop (is-prop-Π λ x → is-set-type-Set C _ _)

  is-section-reflecting-descent-coequalizer-Set :
    reflecting-descent-coequalizer-Set ∘ descent-reflecting-coequalizer-Set ~
    id
  is-section-reflecting-descent-coequalizer-Set H =
    eq-is-prop
      ( is-prop-implicit-Π

>         ( λ x → is-prop-implicit-Π
>           ( λ y → is-prop-Π
>             ( λ z → is-set-type-Set C _ _))))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ( λ x →
          is-prop-implicit-Π
            ( λ y →
              is-prop-Π
                ( λ z → is-set-type-Set C _ _))))
```

open import foundation.uniqueness-set-quotients
open import foundation.universal-property-set-quotients
open import foundation.universe-levels

open import foundation-core.cartesian-product-types
open import foundation-core.coproduct-types
open import foundation-core.equality-dependent-pair-types
open import foundation-core.equivalences
open import foundation-core.function-types
open import foundation-core.functoriality-dependent-pair-types
open import foundation-core.homotopies
open import foundation-core.identity-types
open import foundation-core.propositions
open import foundation-core.sets
open import foundation-core.transport-along-identifications
```

</details>

## Idea

Any pair of [maps](foundation-core.function-types.md) between
[sets](foundation-core.sets.md) `f g : A → B` has a
{{#concept "coequalizer" Disambiguation="of maps between sets" Agda=coequalizer-Set WD="coequalizer" WDID=Q5140810}}
`B/A` given by the [quotient](foundation.set-quotients.md) of the set `B` by the
[relation](foundation.binary-relations.md)
[generated](foundation.freely-generated-equivalence-relations.md) by `x ~ y` if
there is some `z : A` with `f(z) = x` and `g(z) = y`. This quotient `B/A` has

> the _universal property_ than any map `h : B → C` for `C` a set coequalizing `f`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the _universal property_ that any map `h : B → C` for `C` a set coequalizing `f`
```

> and `g` must factor uniquely through the quotient map `B → B/A`.

Reviewer: This final sentence doesn't parse, please fix

Reviewer: Ah, so then I don't think your usage of "coequalizing" is correct here. Rather, I suppose what you mean is that `h` is such that `h ∘ f = h ∘ g`, not that it is the universal such map.

```suggestion
there is some `z : A` with `f(z) = x` and `g(z) = y`. This quotient `B/A` has
the _universal property_ that any map `h : B → C` which satisfies the equation
`h ∘ f = h ∘ g` factors uniquely through the quotient map `B → B/A`.
```

Author: Yes, that's what I mean. I've heard "`h` coequalizes `f` and `g`" used to mean "`h ∘ f ~ h ∘ g`" but I'm happy to use something else if that's ambiguous.

Reviewer: At least I was not familiar with this use of the term. To me "coequalizes" means it's universal

Reviewer: But I could be wrong
